For this Lab1 assignment, you are required to do the following:

1. Complete the TechStack knowledge/background survey: Complete the Electronic/online version (which has been sent to your email address). Submit it online by clicking on the "Submit" button found at the end of the online form. If you do not have access to the Electronic version, then simply download the manual version found in the Resources folder here on Sakai.

2 Consult with other fellow students in the class; and join/form a Project team of 3 or 4 members.

3. Working with your Project team choose an enterprise software project you will be interested in designing, implementing and presenting, as part of your Course work. A list of Suggested Projects has been provided; but you are free to choose a different project - some other business domain problem which you have a good knowledge of and/or are interested in designing and building a solution for. Once you have chosen a project topic, you then have to produce a "VISION DOCUMENT" for the project. An example Vision document is attached herewith, for you to see and use ideas from. Note that: Your Vision Document should contain the following:

a. Your Full names and Student ID. Each member of a team has to submit the vision document individually

b. A Statement of the Problem your Software project intends to solve.

c. A Problem-Need-Feature table. etc. See the attached Sample Vision Document for the rest of the sections to include in your document.

4. Begin setting-up the necessary software design/development tools that will be needed for the course. e.g. Download, install and setup tools such as: UML diagramming tool (e.g. StarUML, Visual Paradigm, Microsoft Visio, Enterprise Architect or some other or use draw.io online), JavaSE Development Kit (JDK), Java EE SDK, Eclipse, JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA, WebStorm, .NET Framework or .NET Core, Microsoft Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Spring Tools Suite, Netbeans, PyCharm, Node.JS, Git etc. Note that, what tools you chose to install, depends on the technology stack you wish to work with. You may use the guidelines provided in the online document titled, "0_Setting-up for CS425-SWE-202003", which has been provided for you here in the Resources folder. 